{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1043\deflangfe1043{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\ul\b\f0\fs20 LMS Desktop Assistant v1.12.4\par
\ulnone\b0 October 13, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Updating of exercises has been optimized, so the deleting of the exercise's old questions is nearly twice as fast.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Uploading of exercises has been optimized so is goes about 1/5th faster than before.\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1043\ul Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Exercises with more than 20 questions will now upload correctly to the Chamilo 2.0 platform\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Blanks questions with multiple answers and regular expressions no longer abort the upload with an error.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\par
\ul\b LMS Desktop Assistant v1.12.3\par
\ulnone\b0 October 11, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\lang1033\ulnone The weights of all separate questions in an exercise can now be added behind the question title, in the same way it's done for multiple choice answers. the Word templates have been updated so the cursor will jump to the end of the line when \lang1043 [tab] character is inserted in the title.\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\ul\b LMS Desktop Assistant v1.12.1\par
\ulnone\b0 September 19, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Creating or fetching category names ending on ')' on the Chamilo 2.0 platform can no longer hang or crash the program.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Names of files and folders are no longer put in lower case on the Chamilo 2.0 platform.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1033\par
\ul\b LMS Desktop Assistant v1.12\par
\ulnone\b0 September 15, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone The Chamilo 2.0 platform now has a virtual course called Repository, to allow uploading items without publishing them. Making a Subject with only this virtual course in it allows keeping non-published objects synchronized.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In Chamilo 2.0, published objects will now correctly be shared with other course administrators.\lang1033\ul\b\par
\lang1043\ulnone\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A new type of question (Type gaps dropdown) has been added. This type's syntax is the same as "Fill in the Gaps", but the multiple answers in gaps are shown as dropdown menu on the platform.\lang1033\ul\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1043\b0 Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone The default platform URL is now correctly set to the https protocol.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Trying to generate statistics from Chamilo 2.0 no longet crashes the program.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A bug that occurred when checking if an object existed on the Chamilo 2.0 platform has been fixed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug in the HTML-removing filter for gaps exercises in the MS Word scanner\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The method to scan for a question after it's been uploaded has been improved so it can't get disrupted by the name cutoff in the repository view.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1033\par
\ul\b LMS Desktop Assistant v1.11.4\par
\ulnone\b0 June 16, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\lang1033\ulnone Fixed the problem that occured when uploading an exercise without description to Chamilo 2.0.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\par
\par
LMS Desktop Assistant v1.11.3\par
\ulnone\b0 June 9, 2011\par
\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Removed the now-obsolete "Chamilo 2.0 test" platform.\lang1033\ul\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\lang1043\b0 Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Publishing now works again on Chamilo; it was broken because of changes on the platform.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\lang1033\ul\b LMS Desktop Assistant v1.11.2\par
\ulnone\b0 June 6, 2011\par
\par
\lang1043\ul Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone A failsafe has been added to the Chamilo platform so the program checks if a repository category has been created, even if the platform returned an error after the creation request.\lang1033\ul\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
LMS Desktop Assistant v1.11.1\par
\ulnone\b0 May 31, 2011\par
\par
\lang1043\ul Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone When converting files to PDF, the filenames of the generated files will have all spaces replaced by underscores, to mimick the behaviour of files downloaded from the platforms. This option can be disabled in the Preferences window.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\ul\b\par
\lang1043\b0 Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone When converting documents to PDF and splitting them on style, the converted filenames had an extra underscore added to the end (in v1.11). This is now fixed.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\ul\b\par
\par
LMS Desktop Assistant v1.11\par
\ulnone\b0 May 27, 2011\par
\par
\lang1043\ul Functionality\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Files can now be manually marked as "already synchronized", so they will not be uploaded until they have been modified. This is handy to prevent reuploading of exercises which were already uploaded using the Exercises tab.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Files can now be manually marked as "not synchronized", to force a reupload on the next synchronization.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A portable version of the program is now available instead of the old non-administrator install.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The program now supports the Chamilo 2.0 platform.\line\b Remark: \b0 The Chamilo implementation has support for the new advanced options of the "Fill in the Blanks" exercises. However, if you are using a version of Chamilo which does not yet support advanced options like default scores, you should use the platform "\b Chamilo 2.0 test\b0 " for better compatibility.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\par
\lang1043\ul Fixed Bugs\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone The file selected in the synchronization tree view will no longer be marked as 'modified' after opening and closing the Preferences window.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}When a setting was not found in the settings file, all settings read after it would revert to the built-in defaults. This has been fixed.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\par
\lang1043\ul Internal changes\ulnone :\ul\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone Spreadsheets and presentations are now included in the system of supported file types. This will allow implementation of (PDF conversions for) other spreadsheet and presentation file types besides MS Office without needing any changes in the program's core. The new implementations simply have to be added to the list of supported file types, with the correct type identification.\lang1033\par
\lang1043{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Optimized the fetching of course data on login.\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
 